chore: update insomnia mock self-hosted docs (#3065)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/insomnia/self-hosted-mocks.md

Insomnia allows Enterprise users to create self-hosted mock servers.

> [Configuration details](https://github.com/Kong/insomnia-mockbin/tree/self-hosted) and a [Docker image](https://github.com/Kong/insomnia-mockbin/pkgs/container/insomnia-mockbin-self-hosted/versions) can be found on GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find [Configuration details](https://github.com/Kong/insomnia-mockbin/tree/self-hosted) and a [Docker image](https://github.com/Kong/insomnia-mockbin/pkgs/container/insomnia-mockbin-self-hosted/versions) on GitHub.
```

Tweaked for active voice > removed future tense

" | kubectl apply -f -
```

### Configure the Ingress

> Run the following command to configure the Ingress to manage external access. This configuration will depend on your specific domain and TLS requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure the Ingress to manage external access, first set your domain and TLS secret, and then apply the manifest. Your domain and TLS settings determine the host and secret of the configuration.
```
Removed future tense > paralleled intro structure above > pushed imperative

> For this example, you'll need to export a domain and a TLS secret name as environment variables:

Reviewer: It's not in the file presently, but for consistency, could you replace the following identified sentence with: "**_To apply the Ingress manifest, run the following command:_**"

<img width="1322" height="852" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/31a4c04f-9d98-4232-afab-d275c87567b9" />

kubectl get ingress -n mock
```

> Once your mock is deployed, you can point your front-end application to the mock URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you deploy your mock, point your front-end application to the mock URL.
```
Removed complex future tense > tweaked to active voice & present tense
